Add docs about securing nodes and services (#2746)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/operations-manual/securing-nodes-and-services.md

# Securing Celo nodes and services

> Running Celo nodes and services securely, especially as part of running a valdiator, is of utmost importance. Failure to do so can lead to severe consequences including, but not limited to loss of funds, slashing due to double signing, etc. Here are some additional tips and tricks:

Reviewer: I think of "tips and tricks" as something different than what this is.
```suggestion
Running Celo nodes and services securely, especially as part of running a valdiator, is of utmost importance. Failure to do so can lead to severe consequences including, but not limited to loss of funds, slashing due to double signing, etc. Here are some recommendations:
```

### RPC Endpoints

Celo nodes can be interacted with through an RPC interface for common interactions such as querying the blockchain, inspecting network connectivity and much more. The RPC interface is exposed via HTTP, WebSockets or a local IPC socket. There are two considerations:

> 1) There is no authentication in the RPC interface. Anyone with access to the interface will be able to execute any actions that are enabled with the command-line options. This includes senstive RPC modules like `personal` which interacts with the private keys stored on the node (`admin` is another one). It recommended to not enable RPC modules unless you explicitly need them. Other RPC modules might be less sensitive but could create unnecessary load onto your machine (like the `debug` module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) There is no authentication in the RPC interface. Anyone with access to the interface will be able to execute any actions that are enabled with the command-line options. This includes sensitive RPC modules like `personal` which interacts with the private keys stored on the node (`admin` is another one). It recommended to not enable RPC modules unless you explicitly need them. Other RPC modules might be less sensitive but could create unnecessary load on your machine (like the `debug` module) to execute a DoS attack.
```

2) If you do need access to the RPC modules (for example to use `celocli` or the attestation service), use a firewall and similar mechanisms to restrict access to the RPC interface. You almost never want the interface be accessible from outside the machine itself.

### Public Endpoints

Beyond the RPC interface, Celo nodes and services have other interfaces that actually need to be exposed to the public internet. While varying degrees of protection exist within the software, such as validating attestation requests against the blockchain or monitoring connections in the discovery protocol, additional measures are recommended to reduce the impact of malicious traffic. Examples include, but are not limited to:

> - **DDOS protection:** Protected public endpoints from a DDos attack is highly recommended to allow valid requests to be served

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DDoS protection:** Protected public endpoints from a DDoS attack is highly recommended to allow valid requests to be served
```
